

1.      Get user input for investment type (all stocks, all bonds, or a blend)
2.      Map investment type choice to a list of historical returns
2a.         Use text files provided to produce Minimum Viable Product (MVP), then go to "2b" to enhance.
2b.         Use an API for the historical data 
                API: https://marketstack.com/
3.      Get user input for the starting value of investments
4.      Get user input for the initial yearly withdrawal amount
5.      Get user input for the minimum, most likely, and maximum duration of retirement
6.      Get user input on number of cases to run
7.      Start list to hold outcomes
8.      Loop through cases:
            For each case:
                Extract random contiguous sample of returns list for duration period
                Extract same interval from inflation list 
                    (API for inflation: https://fred.stlouisfed.org/docs/api/fred/)
                For each year in sample:
                    If year not equal to year 1:
                        Adjust withdrawal for inlation
                    Subtract withdrawal from investments
                    Adjust investment for returns
                    If investments <= 0:
                        Investments = 0
                        Break
            Append investments value to outcomes list
        Display input parameters
        Calculate and display the probability of ruin
        Calculate and display statistics
        Display a subset of outcomes as a bar chart


9.      Deployment:
            Will require user login and authentication, database storage of user inputs
            therefore, deployment will need production level security.

            Use Heroku for deployment.

10.     Scalability:
            This could turn into Capstone project.  
                - Use API calls for financial information
                - Create User Auth and Login
                - Create DB of User inputs
                - Scale to create a dashboard to include the following:
                        - Retirement NestEgg Simulator
                        - Personal Finance App (See: D:\computerScienceCopy\USFSoftwareEngineerBootcamp\4_Capstone\Overview)

